# Prep
Where we left off: “standoff” between [Maritza](../../Player%20Characters/Maritza%20Reddington.md), [Myla](../../Player%20Characters/Myla.md), and [Mr. Dittles](../../Player%20Characters/Mr.%20Dittles.md) in the mine

What happens next: some kind of interruption that forces them to team up - monster attack? cave in? something else? cave in *caused* by a monster?] force them to work together 
- the mine is full of earth elementals, something has woken them up. characters must escape from the mines (elementals’ ultimate goal is to claim the mines or themselves - but a lot can happen)
	- escape scenario: it’s dark, close quarters, and the layout is confusing 
	- combat scenario: the elementals’ goal is more to scare than to harm, and they will let enemies retreat, but they will defend what they see as their territory
- mines are closed as a result — poor myla can’t mine, and maritza will need to find a new fuel supplier…
- future conflict - disruption to the town’s economy 


end goal: characters emerge as an establishment team — likely, dittles wants to follow maritza till he can get “his” airship back; myla might want more of those weird crystals 

## Earth Elemental (fair) (template)
Aspects:
- magically imbued stone that has developed a life of its own 
- Territorial 
Skills:
- Fair (+2): Provoke
- Average (+1): Stealth, notice
- Stress: 
	- [ ] 1
x3 
# Game Notes

In-game time: day 1 
Mr Dittles is tiny and Maritza doesn’t Notice him
Mr D sees maritza and transforms into a bull wearing a suit 
myla is just watching
mr d looks for myla’s approval, cries that he needs to be employee of the month again
myla ignores him and asks maritza for more crystals 
earth elementals appear
maritza tries to leave, but it’s dark
myla turns head lamp on brighter 
rock monsters look at diddles while he’s crying
they shuffle forward menacingly 
d hits the with. stick and they die 1hko
they try to sneak out. challenge 
maritza create situation aspect : conveniently placed stalactites w 2 free invokes 2 used
myla creates aspect: not so suspiciously shaped rocks 2 free invokes 1 used
they successfully sneak out 

mr d has gained maritza’s respect and vice versa
myla is annoying at having to stop working & still not getting any crystals 

minor milestones: mr d & maritza both buy a new stunt, -1 refresh
myla changes empathy to resources 

notes for next time: 
- new dice roller
- have cheat sheet on hand
- talk more gooder?????
- tougher bad guys