# Prep
- take care of any moderate consequences this session that were in the process of recovery
- situational aspects:
	- entranced by the portal - 1 free invoke against Mr. Dittles
- discuss rocket launcher and airship mechanics?
	- airship as its own "character" with aspects, skills, etc?
- inside the caves - Mr. Dittle was examining the portal and saw thru to another realm.
	- this is the fey realm/otherworld, but that is not immediately obvious to new arrivals. visitors only realize something is up when they start getting lost in ways that make no logical sense (ie walking in a straight line yet coming back to a place they've already been)
	- on closer inspection, one might notice some magical runes etched into the ground underneath the portal
	- these were put there by members of the Fey Cult, who want the mines shut down to prevent outside interests from exploiting their town (they are not against locals interfering with nature as long as the relationship is a sustainable one)
- outside the caves -  another entrance is available - the old abandoned mines from the Quiet Year - now used as a tomb/mausoleum
	- ppl who would know about this - 
		- Ginny, the inkeeper's daughter, aspiring mapmaker
		- any of the miners who have been there long enough; at some point they accidentally connected the tunnels; now that area is blocked off out of respect for the dead now entombed there
		- city officials, especially council members who were around during the Quiet Year
	- is located a couple miles away from the mine entrances; there is a road that leads there from the town
	- maybe have an npc (ie Ginny) find them, and offer help/advice?
# Notes
- Ginny shows up - recognizes myla, personality clashes with maritza
- inside, mr dittles runs into the portal
- after 15 minutes of waiting, maritza, myla and ginny head to the abandoned mineshaft
- they end up in a different cave/tunnel; Myla makes a rock monster disguise
- they fail their stealth overcome rolls & succeed at serious cost: monsters will be hostile if they come back
- they find the portal and everyone goes thru. immediately notice a distinct lack of mountains - where are they?
- maritza throws mr dittles out of anger; he tries to run back but doesnt get any closer
- ginny and myla experience the same thing
- minor + significant milestones
# To Do
- [ ] What is the fey realm like?
- [ ] look up examples of situational aspects?
- [ ] message Aves about making a character sheet for the airship
- [ ] make Ginny character sheet

# Whiteboard