# Prep
- ~~its been a week - in Towns End, the mines are still overrun with elementals an operations have stopped. ask players what their characters have been up to in the meantime~~
	- ~~myla is probably sad about not having access to the mines~~
	- ~~maritza is a wild card - what's keeping her in this town? or has she left? the others would almost certainly follow~~
	- ~~has mr. dittles been trying to locate the airship? where IS the airship?~~
- ~~new events - someone sent to the nearest major city (Naven) for help, and just enough time has passed that some mages have arrived to assist with the Situation. Probably connected with [St. Pigeonation’s magic school](../../Factions/St.%20Pigeonation’s%20magic%20school.md); or official gov't representatives. They have a banishment ritual to perform, and the players can get involved in a couple different ways:~~
	- ~~defend the mages while they perform a ritual (fight waves of enemies till a timer completes - pie chart/clock w/ 6 segments, progresses when a round passes w/o mages taking damage)~~ 
	- ~~give the mages information about what they observed while escaping the mines~~
	- ~~assist the mages by finding ritual components in the nearby wilderness - four-segment clock, allow player contribution about what they think the components are?~~
- ~~if characters have left town - why? if maritza leaves then likely the others follow, but it might be more fun to roleplay the encounter between the pcs & airship crew - if players are insistent about pursuing this scenario, then the story resumes shortly after where the last session ended.~~
- end of session is most likely a Significant Milestone.

> [!NOTE]
> ## Significant Milestones[](https://fate-srd.com/fate-core/advancement-change#significant-milestones)
> 
> Significant milestones usually occur at the end of a scenario or the conclusion of a big plot event (or, when in doubt, at the end of every two or three sessions). Unlike minor milestones, which are primarily about change, significant milestones are about learning new things—dealing with problems and challenges has made your character generally more capable at what they do.
> 
> In addition to the benefit of a minor milestone, you also gain both of the following:
> 
> - One additional skill point, which you can spend to buy a new skill at Average (+1) or increase an existing skill by one rank.
> - If you have any severe consequences, you can rename them to begin the recovery process, if you haven’t already.
> 
> When you spend your skill point, it’s worth one step on the ladder. You can use it to buy a new skill at Average (+1), or you can use it to increase an existing skill by one step on the ladder—say, from Good (+3) to Great (+4).
> -- https://fate-srd.com/fate-core/advancement-change

# Notes
- coming out of cave
- maritza expresses her being impressed with mr. dittles
- he is very susceptible to praise, especially from hot people
- myla could really go for some mulch rn
- maritza has mulch on the ship
- she doesnt want to fly because shes wearing her fancy Coach boots and doesnt want to damage them by landing
- as they approach the airship, mr d puts two and two together that its the stolen one
- maritza offers him her sons cheesecake. he wants grass on top
- mr d freaks out as he realizes that maritza is indeed the airship thief
- he was going to sell it to jeff buttsos 
- but maritza lies and goes "no im not" and he believes it (-1 fate point from maritza to win the opposed roll)
- auro flies down - 14yo with naruto phase
- mr dittles sells airships based on "a legacy for your family"... despite planned obsolesence
- myla is introduced to auro, starts singing abt being hungry fr mulch
- everyone goes on board and gets accosted by Io. mom got ehr books - a bestiary
- esmeralda is there maybe grounded for running away. she has a kotatsu (with charcoal)
- pippy is there, offers cheesecake, mr d pretends to be reluctant . pippy jokes that she poisoned it. mr d says hes immune then feels pressured to back up his claim
- myla just has her face buried in mulch. shes had a long day.
- mr dittles thinks the cheesecake is not sweet enough bc he needs a ton of sugar dumped on things - asks for more sugar
- esmeralda has been summoned. that is HER sugar. her dad intervenes.
- mr. dittle gets some sugar but is now scared of esmeralda
- myla was a bit scared too but wont admit it. is curled up in a ball, may or may  not be napping
- mr. dittles is questioning his life choices to hunt down the stolen airship, which is totally not this very same airship. maritza's family has inspired him.
- maritza has to explain to the pidgewives (mechanics) why there is no coal
## Milestones:
- mrd switches shoot for fight and spends skill point on fite
- myla ranks up stealth
- maritza +contacts
## Notes for next time:
- sunny wants more lore/character stuff, like maritza's family - character interaction
	- wish: more description of the setting
- what if next timeline myla wakes up and freaks out bc she thinks she should be working. void wants to get to myla's existential crisis at some point
- if maritza wants coal she might have to help resolve the issues with the mine.
- myla could be up at the same time as biscuit (nocturnal)
- wrenne's wish: more of the PCs getting to know each other
- void's wish: more conflict, not necessarily combat, conflicts of interest, etc.