Prep notes:

Wrenne most likely absent
Void & Sunny have character sheets
Void & Wrenne need stunts - or can create as they go. 3 for free, can give up a refresh to buy more 

IF we do role playing - scenario: [Mr Dittles](Mr.%20Dittles) has come to town on the trail of a stolen airship? Meanwhile, [Myla](../../Player%20Characters/Myla.md) is preparing for the arrival of the airship that she sells fuel to under the table… What brings them together? Can I have the airship show up, played by me, w/o Wrenne there? The cliffhanger, right when the whole party finally meets? Then Wrenne can step in and play Maritza next session.

Or what if this all already happened? with poor Mr. Dittles along for the ride as he refuses to leave the airship without returning it to the company? What adventure could they have?

Stuff to make character sheets for:
Airship (name?)
[Towns End](../../Locations/Yuna%20Highlands/Towns%20End.md) 
Yuna Kingdom
???

Stuff to make extras for:
magic
airship???
magical items

# Notes
Dittles goes to inn , asks for directions to mine, totally misses Maritza drinking with bestie, gets kicked out
Myla leaves mine at end of shift, runs into Dittles on the road, who begs for help finding the hot robbin so he can keep his job
myla gives him a rock to cheer him up but he’s not having it 
myla is a bit oblivious and doesn’t see selling coal to maritza as doing anything wrong, hasn’t connected the dots to the airship 
mr dittles sob story persuades myla to tell him about maritza
maritza does some shopping (incl. very important peanut butter for auro) then decides to head dow to the mines to get some coal
mr dittles is creeping around the mines
maritza arrives 
spider-man pointing meme

+1 fate point to Maritza for accepting a compel to go to the mines (4)
+1 fate point to Myla for Void drawing a map

> Last session (2/25): We began in [Towns End](../../Locations/Yuna%20Highlands/Towns%20End.md), a frontier town we’ve developed in some earlier games.
> 
> Mr. Dittles was hot on Maritza’s trail - he had heard something about her visiting a mine in the area. As he entered the local inn to ask for directions, he completely overlooked the familiar-looking robin enjoying drinks with her bestie. Mr. Dittles approached the bestie for information but got kicked out of the bar for being too aggressive. He did get directions. though.
> 
> On his way to the mine, Mr. Dittles encountered Myla, leaving at the end of her shift. The two chatted for a while and Myla revealed that she knows Maritza. This led to him hiding out and waiting in the mines when Maritza next came to meet with Myla…

- my summary 